how did serfdom develop in and then leave russia ? ,,, unknown
what films featured the character popeye doyle ? ,,, what
how can i find a list of celebrities ' real names ? ,,, unknown
what fowl grabs the spotlight after the chinese year of the monkey ? ,,, what
what is the full form of .com ? ,,, what
what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ,,, what
what team did baseball 's st. louis browns become ? ,,, what
what is the oldest profession ? ,,, what
what are liver enzymes ? ,,, what
name the scar-faced bounty hunter of the old west . ,,, unknown
when was ozzy osbourne born ? ,,, when
why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ? ,,, unknown
who was the pride of the yankees ? ,,, who
who killed gandhi ? ,,, who
what is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ? ,,, what
what sprawling u.s. state boasts the most airports ? ,,, what
what did the only repealed amendment to the u.s. constitution deal with ? ,,, what
how many jews were executed in concentration camps during wwii ? ,,, unknown
what is `` nine inch nails '' ? ,,, what
what is an annotated bibliography ? ,,, what
what is the date of boxing day ? ,,, what
what articles of clothing are tokens in monopoly ? ,,, what
name 11 famous martyrs . ,,, unknown
what 's the olympic motto ? ,,, what
what is the origin of the name ` scarlett ' ? ,,, what
what 's the second-most-used vowel in english ? ,,, what
who was the inventor of silly putty ? ,,, who
what is the highest waterfall in the united states ? ,,, what
name a golf course in myrtle beach . ,,, unknown
which two states enclose chesapeake bay ? ,,, unknown
what does the abbreviation aids stand for ? ,,, what
what does a spermologer collect ? ,,, what
how many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ? ,,, unknown
which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ? ,,, unknown
how many community chest cards are there in monopoly ? ,,, unknown
what do mormons believe ? ,,, what
when did the neanderthal man live ? ,,, when
in what religion was isis the nature goddess ? ,,, what
where do the adventures of `` the swiss family robinson '' take place ? ,,, unknown
what relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ? ,,, what
how can i register my website in yahoo for free ? ,,, unknown
what was cash-conscious colonel edwin l. drake the first to drill ? ,,, what
how many people in the world speak french ? ,,, unknown
how many inches over six feet is the venus de milo ? ,,, unknown
how do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ? ,,, unknown
what 1920s cowboy star rode tony the wonder horse ? ,,, what
what cocktail inspired john doxat to write the book stirred-not shaken ? ,,, what
what isps exist in the caribbean ? ,,, what
how do you ask a total stranger out on a date ? ,,, unknown
what weapon is the mythological character apollo most proficient with ? ,,, what
what country do the galapagos islands belong to ? ,,, what
what is ethology ? ,,, what
who was the prophet of the muslim people ? ,,, who
where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ? ,,, unknown
who is snoopy 's arch-enemy ? ,,, who
what is the nature of learning ? ,,, what
what 's the only color johnny cash wears on stage ? ,,, what
what 's the term for a young fox ? ,,, what
what u.s. state lived under six flags ? ,,, what
what is the kashmir issue ? ,,, what
where is the loop ? ,,, unknown
what does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ? ,,, what
what country 's capital is tirana ? ,,, what
what is titanium ? ,,, what
who do herb and tootsie live next door to ? ,,, who
which city has the oldest relationship as a sister�city with los angeles ? ,,, unknown
what is a caldera ? ,,, what
why do people get calluses ? ,,, unknown
what are the names of the tourist attractions in reims ? ,,, what
what are cushman and wakefield known for ? ,,, what
what body of water does the danube river flow into ? ,,, what
who is the founder of scientology ? ,,, who
what does the six-footed musca domestica become when it enters a house ? ,,, what
what is the history of skateboarding ? ,,, what
who starred in singing in the rain and the singing nun ? ,,, who
how do i make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ? ,,, unknown
what 19th-century painter died in the marquesas islands ? ,,, what
the corpus callosum is in what part of the body ? ,,, what
how do i log on to home page at headquarters u.s. european command ? ,,, unknown
what country did the nazis occupy for ? . ,,, what
what is nebraska 's most valuable resource ? ,,, what
how many species of the great white shark are there ? ,,, unknown
what is the origin of head lice ? ,,, what
what is the nickname for the state of mississippi ? ,,, what
what was the first domesticated bird ? ,,, what
how many villi are found in the small intestine ? ,,, unknown
what country did king wenceslas rule ? ,,, what
what is a fear of shadows ? ,,, what
who were the five marx brothers ? ,,, who
in which year was new zealand excluded from the anzus alliance ? ,,, unknown
when did cnn begin broadcasting ? ,,, when
what causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ? ,,, what
what are bear and bull markets ? ,,, what
what j.r.r. tolkien book features bilbo baggins as the central character ? ,,, what
what is `` dew point '' ? ,,, what
what is the meaning of jesus ? ,,, what
what company 's logo is a `` w '' in a circle ? ,,, what
what is the definition of a cascade ? ,,, what
when did rococo painting and architecture flourish ? ,,, what
what country 's national passenger rail system is called via ? ,,, what
who invented make-up ? ,,, who
what is the origin of the word `` attic '' ? ,,, what
what did delilah do to samson 's hair ? ,,, what
what kind of animals were in the paleozoic era ? ,,, what
which of the following was rhodes scholar ? ,,, unknown
who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the champions ? ,,, who
how do you make a paintball ? ,,, unknown
what u.s. state is fort knox in ? ,,, what
what is a female rabbit called ? ,,, what
where is the highest point in japan ? ,,, unknown
where do chihuahuas come from ? ,,, unknown
where does barney rubble go to work after he drops fred off in the `` flintstones '' cartoon series ? ,,, unknown
what are the world 's four oceans ? ,,, what
what 's the only work by michelangelo that bears his signature ? ,,, what
what is the largest snake in the world ? ,,, what
in what medium is stuart hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ? ,,, what
where on the internet can i find a song lyrics database similar to the international lyrics server ? ,,, unknown
how much money does a back injury lawsuit get ? ,,, unknown
what 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ? ,,, what
what does the georgetown `` hoya '' mean ? ,,, what
where can i find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ? ,,, unknown
which two products use a tiger as their symbol ? ,,, unknown
how is the election of a new pope announced to the world ? ,,, unknown
how long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ? ,,, unknown
how do chickens have baby chicks ? ,,, unknown
what is the historical relationship of catholic church and bingo ? ,,, what
how was the element calcium named ? ,,, unknown
what crooner joined the andrews sisters for pistol packin mama ? ,,, what
what piano company claims its product is the `` instrument of the immortals '' ? ,,, what
when did the bounty mutiny take place ? ,,, unknown
what novel inspired the movie bladerunner ? ,,, what
what is a transistor ? ,,, what
what is a film starring jude law ? ,,, what
what hollywood dog died in the arms of jean harlow in 1932 ? ,,, what
what are the most common elements in the earth 's crust ? ,,, what
how much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ? ,,, unknown
what actress has received the most oscar nominations ? ,,, what
what are equity securities ? ,,, what
what is gymnophobia ? ,,, what
how many years do fossils take to form ? ,,, unknown
where is the orinoco ? ,,, unknown
what was the name of the `` little rascals '' dog ? ,,, what
what city boasts penn 's landing , on the banks of the delaware river ? ,,, what
what broadway musical was inspired by cervantes 's don quixote ? ,,, what
what is the origin of the word . ? ,,, what
how many hostages were killed in the entebbe raid ? ,,, unknown
how you can raise your iq ? ,,, unknown
what does inri stand for when used on jesus ' cross ? ,,, what
who produces spumante ? ,,, who
who earns their money the hard way ? ,,, who
who founded the people 's temple commune ? ,,, who
what athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ? ,,, what
how many bends are there in a standard paper clip ? ,,, unknown
who discovered electricity ? ,,, who
what part of your body contains the corpus callosum ? ,,, what
who was the first american in space ? ,,, who
what two south american countries do n't border brazil ? ,,, what
what album put the beatles on the cover of time in 1967 ? ,,, what
what poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' . ? ,,, what
what is a dental root canal ? ,,, what
what war did the wanna-go-home riots occur after ? ,,, what
what is the busiest air travel season ? ,,, what
what 's the colored part of the eye called ? ,,, what
what are hook worms ? ,,, what
where is the rose bowl played ? ,,, unknown
which japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ? ,,, unknown
who is the mayor of marbella ? ,,, who
what sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the mojave desert ? ,,, what
in what year did thatcher become prime minister ? ,,, what
how many months does it take the moon to revolve around the earth ? ,,, unknown
where are the 49 steps ? ,,, unknown
in what year was de gaulle elected president of france ? ,,, what
who sings the themes for `` dawson 's creek '' and `` felicity '' ? ,,, who
who directed `` jaws '' ? ,,, who
on what t.v. show could tom terrific be found ? ,,, what
what indian tribe is f troop perpetually doing battle with ? ,,, what
where did indian pudding come from ? ,,, unknown
why do some clothing labels say `` use a nonchlorine bleach '' ? ,,, unknown
how many colonies were involved in the american revolution ? ,,, unknown
what is the name of the city that maurizio pellegrin lives in ? ,,, what
where can i find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ? ,,, unknown
what game 's board shows the territories of irkutsk , yakutsk and kamchatka ? ,,, unknown
what is the name of the managing director of apricot computer ? ,,, unknown
what is the occupation of nicholas cage ? ,,, unknown
why do horseshoes bring luck ? ,,, unknown
what is the 401 , k , plan ? ,,, what
what causes pneumonia ? ,,, what
what are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ? ,,, what
what does gringo mean ? ,,, what
what country contains africa 's northernmost point ? ,,, what
what therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ? ,,, what
where is the kalahari desert ? ,,, unknown
which ventura county police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ? ,,, unknown
what city is sometimes called gotham ? ,,, what
what dangles over the tongue from the palate ? ,,, what
who created dennis the menace ? ,,, who
what dummy received an honorary degree from northwestern university ? ,,, what
when was the first wall street journal published ? ,,, unknown
what countries have the largest areas of forest ? ,,, what
how do i start a web based business ? ,,, unknown
name alvin 's brothers ? ,,, unknown
what is eagle 's syndrome styloid process ? ,,, what
how did jayne mansfield die ? ,,, unknown
when did the royal wedding of prince andrew and fergie take place ? ,,, when
what actor said in a day at the races : `` either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ? ,,, what
what explorer was nicknamed iberia 's pilot ? ,,, what
cnn began broadcasting in what year ? ,,, what
what is a ball that hits the foul pole called ? ,,, what
what makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ? ,,, what
which company created the internet browser mosaic ? ,,, unknown
what are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in judaism called ? ,,, what
what was the education system in the 1960 's ? ,,, what
what south american city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ? ,,, what
how can i find out which cities have cable-modem access ? ,,, unknown
what is betsy ross famous for ? ,,, what
how many species of sharks are there ? ,,, unknown
what is `` snoogans '' ? ,,, what
how many people are there in the world ? ,,, unknown
what shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ? ,,, what
what organization 's offices were broken into at watergate in 1972 ? ,,, what
what is the design of the ship titanic ? ,,, what
what does s.o.s. stand for ? ,,, what
name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ? ,,, unknown
what is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ? ,,, what
what is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ? ,,, what
what four forms does gold occur in ? ,,, what
what is the acreage of the chappellet vineyard ? ,,, what
how do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ? ,,, unknown
when did beethoven die ? ,,, when
how much does a new railroad coal car cost ? ,,, unknown
what two european countries entered the war of american independence against the british ? ,,, what
what is the filmmakers collabrative ? ,,, what
what russian composer 's prelude in c sharp minor brought him fame and fortune ? ,,, what
what caused harry houdini 's death ? ,,, what
who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of windsor ? ,,, who
how many revolutions does a standard lp make in three minutes ? ,,, unknown
what is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ? ,,, what
where can i find a review of nightmare on elm street in a film journal ? ,,, unknown
what 's the slowest olympic swimming stroke ? ,,, what
what was the name of the first russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ? ,,, what
what disease is transmitted by the anopheles mosquito ? ,,, what
what rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ? ,,, what
how many south american countries have the letter z in their names ? ,,, unknown
what is the contents of proposition 98 ? ,,, what
where was george washington born ? ,,, unknown
how many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of pan am flight 103 over lockerbie , scotland , december 21 , cd . ? ,,, unknown
who wrote nn dt nnp nnp '' ? ,,, who
what is paracetamol ? ,,, what
what are the powers and weaknesses of green lantern 's ring ? ,,, what
which mosquito 's bite draws blood , dt nn cc dt nn . ? ,,, unknown
when was the first steel mill in the united states built ? ,,, when
what diminutive american female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 olympics ? ,,, what
what is the origin of the name katie ? ,,, what
what schools in the washington , dc nn nn vbp nn nn nn nn . ? ,,, what
when did the berlin wall go up ? ,,, unknown
who is terrence malick ? ,,, who
what instrument is ray charles best known for playing ? ,,, what
what 's the meaning of the latin battle cry : ad arma , ad arma . ? ,,, what
what is the mascot for notre dame university ? ,,, what
what las vegas hotel burned in november , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ? ,,, what
when did mount st. helen last have a significant eruption ? ,,, when
cnn is the abbreviation for what ? ,,, what
when did world war i start ? ,,, when
how many feet are there in a fathom ? ,,, unknown
what is a canada two-penny black ? ,,, what
what european city do nicois live in ? ,,, what
how can i find out what year a beanie baby was introduced ? ,,, unknown
what is the classic definition of tragic hero ? ,,, what
to what does microsoft 's windows 3 owe its success ? ,,, what
who was president of afghanistan in 1994 ? ,,, who
what are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ? ,,, what
what did brontosauruses eat ? ,,, what
what color bottles do good rhine wines come in ? ,,, what
who was the lead actress in the movie ` sleepless in seattle ' ? ,,, who
who was the 16th president of the united states ? ,,, who
who are the two sons of ozzie and harriet nelson ? ,,, who
what is molybdenum ? ,,, what
when is boxing day ? ,,, what
what is the lowest level of the american judiciary ? ,,, what
when was the battle of the somme fought ? ,,, when
how many people did randy craft kill ? ,,, unknown
what 's the official animal of canada ? ,,, what
when did spielberg direct `` jaws '' ? ,,, when
what is the size of the largest akita ? ,,, what
what animal has the biggest eyes ? ,,, what
what is california 's capital ? ,,, what
who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` the cuckoo 's egg : tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage '' ? ,,, who
who was the founding member of the pink floyd band ? ,,, who
what european country is home to the beer-producing city of budweis ? ,,, what
how do i find the balance of my social security account ? ,,, unknown
what is the history of valentine 's day cards ? ,,, what
where was christopher columbus born ? ,,, unknown
what do italians call florence ? ,,, what
how do you get to the top of the eiffel tower ? ,,, unknown
what does ` psi ' stand for ? ,,, what
what sea did the romans call mare nostrum ? ,,, what
what 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ? ,,, what
which came first , according to genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ? ,,, unknown
what city did the flintstones live in ? ,,, what
what is latin for incompetent ? ,,, what
what chemicals are used in lethal injection ? ,,, what
what toy company is the world 's no.1 maker of female apparel ? ,,, what
what board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ? ,,, what
which doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ? ,,, unknown
what is the abbreviation for micro ? ,,, what
what are the 7 articles of the constitution ? ,,, what
who has won the most super bowls ? ,,, who
what does nasdaq stand for ? ,,, what
what is bph ? ,,, what
what is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the us ? ,,, what
what stadium do the miami dolphins play their home games in ? ,,, what
who has the only speaking role in `` silent movie '' ? ,,, who
why is poop sometimes different colors ? ,,, unknown
what was einstein 's iq ? ,,, what
what day was pearl harbor attacked in 1942 ? ,,, what
what girl 's name is `` teddy '' an affectionate form of ? ,,, what
what state is john f. kennedy buried in ? ,,, what
what is the best way to remove wallpaper ? ,,, what
what u.s. state has an element named for it ? ,,, what
what company tabulates the ballots in voting for the academy awards ? ,,, what
how did the tradition of best man start ? ,,, unknown
how many years ago did the ship titanic sink ? ,,, unknown
what is the deepest area of the arctic ocean ? ,,, what
what are halloween 's colors ? ,,, what
how is silk screening done ? ,,, unknown
what is the latitude and longitude of el paso , texas ? ,,, what
who made a boat out of gopher wood ? ,,, who
where can i find a `` fifth element '' screensaver ? ,,, unknown
which bloom county resident wreaks havoc with a computer ? ,,, unknown
how do you match a name to a social security number ? ,,, unknown
how does a rainbow form ? ,,, unknown
what is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ? ,,, what
what is the population of ohio ? ,,, what
how many calories are there in a big mac ? ,,, unknown
hazmat stands for what ? ,,, what
what creature scares people in the film `` jaws '' ? ,,, what
what part did john peter zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in america ? ,,, what
who followed caesar ? ,,, who
what are the four elements ? ,,, what
who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ? ,,, who
what 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ? ,,, what
what is answers.com 's address ? ,,, what
where can i buy movies on videotape online ? ,,, unknown
who does the advertizing for frito-lay ? ,,, who
who is the leading competitor of trans union company ? ,,, who
what product did robert conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ? ,,, what
who invented the radio ? ,,, who
what 's the american dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the u.k. ? ,,, what
what are the different approaches of systems analysis ? ,,, what
how do doctors diagnose bone cancer ? ,,, unknown
who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for miss piggy ? ,,, unknown
what is the speed of the mississippi river ? ,,, what
what are the developmental stages of a swimmer ? ,,, what
what actor first portrayed james bond ? ,,, what
what ocean is the largest in the world ? ,,, what
who was the first american poet to win the nobel prize for literature , in 1948 ? ,,, who
what year did jack nicklaus join the professional golfers association tour ? ,,, what
how many sonnets did shakespeare write ? ,,, unknown
what causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ? ,,, what
who won the nobel peace prize in 1991 ? ,,, who
who are the challengers of the unknown ? ,,, who
define the pheonix club ? ,,, unknown
which city did christian crusaders fight to recapture from the muslims ? ,,, unknown
what does it mean `` rupee depreciates '' ? ,,, what
what gaming devices were dubbed `` mississippi marbles '' and `` memphis dominoes '' ? ,,, what
who was the first coach of the cleveland browns ? ,,, who
how successful is arometherapy ? ,,, unknown
what jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 mideast war ? ,,, what
how does a copier work ? ,,, unknown
what is the speed of the mississippi river ? ,,, what
who said of super bowl iii in 1969 : `` we 'll win- i guarantee it '' ? ,,, who
what is dudley do-right 's horse 's name ? ,,, what
who declared : `` i am down on whores and i shan 't stop ripping them '' ? ,,, who
where does chocolate come from ? ,,, unknown
what tv game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ? ,,, what
what soviet leader owned a rolls-royce ? ,,, what
where can i find a case on individuals with disabilities education act of 1991 ? ,,, unknown
what war did florence nightingale tend the troops in ? ,,, what
who wrote the song , `` stardust '' ? ,,, who
how many beatles ' records went #1 ? ,,, unknown
who is the only prime minister of canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ? ,,, who
what is the abbreviation of the company name ` general motors ' ? ,,, what
what mountains lie between the arkansas and missouri rivers ? ,,, what
who received the will rogers award in 1989 ? ,,, who
what is the function of ram ? ,,, what
what 's the closest g2 spectrum yellow dwarf to earth ? ,,, what
how many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ? ,,, unknown
what is the fear of cockroaches called ? ,,, what
what cbs soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of john f. kennedy 's assassination ? ,,, what
what is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ? ,,, what
what was the name of the lawyer who represented randy craft ? ,,, what
what united states president had dreamed that he was assassinated ? ,,, what
what film did lee marvin win the 1965 best actor oscar for ? ,,, what
where is basque country located ? ,,, unknown
what product does `` mrs. olsen '' promote ? ,,, what
what time of day did emperor hirohito die ? ,,, when
what is dry ice ? ,,, what
what 's the most powerful card in euchre ? ,,, what
what does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ? ,,, what
how many years did it take james joyce to write ulysses ? ,,, unknown
what crop failure caused the irish famine ? ,,, what
what south korean city is served by kimpo international airport ? ,,, what
how many types of dogs ' tails are there - three ? ,,, unknown
what is the longest-running television series ? ,,, what
what predators exist on antarctica ? ,,, what
what is the difference between a generator and an alternator ? ,,, what
how is energy created ? ,,, unknown
what beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ? ,,, what
what is the quantity of american soldiers still unaccounted for from the vietnam war ? ,,, what
what golfing accessory was patented by george grant on december 12 ? ,,, what
what are the different types of plastic ? ,,, what
how is it correct to say ` qigong ' ? ,,, unknown
what was the highest mountain on earth before mount everest was discovered ? ,,, what
where was the ligurian republic , 1797-185 , ? ,,, unknown
what country 's people are the top television watchers ? ,,, what
when was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ? ,,, when
what polynesian people inhabit new zealand ? ,,, what
what movie tour of the roman empire features the admonition : `` row well and live '' ? ,,, what
what nevada center has been dubbed the biggest little city in the world ? ,,, what
what president lived at 219 north delaware street , independence , missouri ? ,,, what
give a reason for american indians oftentimes dropping out of school . ? ,,, unknown
where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ? ,,, unknown
what is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ? ,,, what
in what u.s. state was the first woman governor elected ? ,,, unknown
what are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ? ,,, what
what year did hitler die ? ,,, when
what famous model was married to billy joel ? ,,, what
what kind of animal is babar ? ,,, what
what is jane goodall known for ? ,,, what
what killed bob marley ? ,,, what
how much money are dumbo 's ears insured for ? ,,, unknown
who danced into stardom with fred astaire in 1941 's you 'll never get rich ? ,,, who
who is stein eriksen ? ,,, who
what does the name billie mean ? ,,, what
who is the fastest swimmer in the world ? ,,, who
what is the highest peak in africa ? ,,, what
where is procter & gamble headquartered in the u.s. ? ,,, unknown
what desert has been called the garden of allah ? ,,, what
what do bicornate animals have two of ? ,,, what
what function does a community 's water tower serve ? ,,, what
what is a fear of weakness ? ,,, what
how many miles is it to ohio from north carolina ? ,,, unknown
how much snow equals an inch of rain ? ,,, unknown
what does g.m.t. stand for ? ,,, what
what does inuit and eskimo mean ? ,,, what
what song served as the closing theme of the johnny cash show ? ,,, what
what field sport did dentist william beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ? ,,, what
how do i tie dye clothes ? ,,, unknown
when does the average teenager first have intercourse ? ,,, when
why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ? ,,, unknown
what actor 's autobiography is titled all my yesterdays ? ,,, what
what russian master spy lived in the u.s. under the name emil goldfus ? ,,, what
where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ? ,,, unknown
what 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ? ,,, what
who played the original charlie 's angels ? ,,, who
where can i find a person 's address from a telephone number ? ,,, unknown
what english word comes from the old french covrefeu , meaning cover fire ? ,,, what
what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones 's from here to eternity ? ,,, what
where did sarge steel get his metal hand ? ,,, unknown
what makes popcorn pop ? ,,, what
who wrote the night of the iguana ? ,,, who
where does your hair grow the fastest ? ,,, unknown
what country did king gustav v reign over from 197 to 195 ? ,,, what
who painted mother and child ? ,,, who
what is the speed of the mississippi river ? ,,, what
in what area of the world was the six day war fought ? ,,, what
what is the brightest star visible from earth ? ,,, what
what film marked robert redford 's directorial debut ? ,,, what
what was mao 's second name ? ,,, what
what film or films has jude law appeared in ? ,,, what
where do hyenas live ? ,,, unknown
who is the `` queen mother '' ? ,,, who
what 's the most commonly-spoken language in belgium ? ,,, what
who has more dna - a man or a woman ? ,,, who
what are maid-rites ? ,,, what
what children 's tale contains the line : `` come , cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ? ,,, what
what level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ? ,,, what
how many referees work a soccer game ? ,,, unknown
what cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ? ,,, what
how do you say `` fresh '' in spanish ? ,,, unknown
what do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ? ,,, what
what caused the lynmouth floods ? ,,, what
when is the tulip festival in michigan ? ,,, what
who came up with the name , el nino ? ,,, who
what movie did madilyn kahn star in with gene wilder ? ,,, what
what type of bridge is the golden gate bridge ? ,,, what
what dictator has the nickname `` el maximo '' ? ,,, what
what stereo manufacturer is `` slightly ahead of its time '' ? ,,, what
what u.s. city is the queen of the pacific ? ,,, what
what tv sitcom character had the maiden name ethel potter ? ,,, what
what was the first lifesaver flavor ? ,,, what
who kept the most famous diary in the english language ? ,,, who
where can i find out the top 1 singles ? ,,, unknown
how many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ? ,,, unknown
what spanish artist painted crucifixion ? ,,, what
what is the jewish bible called ? ,,, what
why is the grass green ? ,,, unknown
what is a firewall ? ,,, what
what spy novelist served as moscow correspondent for reuter and the times of london ? ,,, what
which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in japanese as its new international name ? ,,, unknown
how long does it take for spider-man 's web to evaporate ? ,,, unknown
who was randy steven craft 's lawyer ? ,,, who
what was known as the spice island ? ,,, what
who was the first host of person to person ? ,,, what
name the ranger who was always after yogi bear . ? ,,, unknown
what deck of cards includes the wheel of fortune , the lovers , and death ? ,,, what
what does the statue of liberty wear on her feet ? ,,, what
who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ? ,,, who
mccarren airport is located in what city ? ,,, what
what household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ? ,,, what
what was the name of betty boop 's dog ? ,,, what
what fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ? ,,, what
what was the bridge of san luis rey made of ? ,,, what
what do economists do ? ,,, what
what country has the largest sheep population ? ,,, what
what do i need to do to take my dog with me to live in dominica , west indies for a year ? ,,, what
what country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ? ,,, what
how many years is johnnie walker black label aged ? ,,, unknown
what does sids stand for ? ,,, what
what is grenada 's main commodity export ? ,,, what
how much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , thomas jefferson on it , ? ,,, unknown
what makes a clitoris sensitive ? ,,, what
what country has the most time zones , with 11 ? ,,, what
what `` magic '' does mandrake employ ? ,,, what
who is the president of stanford university ? ,,, who
whose first presidential order was : `` let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ? ,,, unknown
what was introduced commercially by bayer a.g. of leverkusen , in 1899 ? ,,, what
what city is logan airport in ? ,,, what
what is a nanometer ? ,,, what
how many innings are there in a regulation softball game ? ,,, unknown
when did cnn go on the air ? ,,, when
what is the largest city on the great lakes ? ,,, what
what is the telephone number for the university of kentucky ? ,,, what
who invented baseball ? ,,, who
how many wives did brigham young have ? ,,, unknown
what product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ? ,,, what
how long is the coney island boardwalk ? ,,, unknown
what city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ? ,,, what
what does `` janelle '' mean ? ,,, what
how do i get another city 's newspaper ? ,,, unknown
name a movie about the sioux indians starring kevin costner . ? ,,, unknown
who was shot in the back during a poker game in deadwood , the dakota territory ? ,,, who
what are the distinct physical characterstics of the arabian horse ? ,,, what
what is a fear of thunder ? ,,, what
what animal has killed the most people ? ,,, what
how many colleges are in wyoming ? ,,, unknown
what russian seaport has a name meaning `` lord of the east '' ? ,,, what
where can stocks be traded on-line ? ,,, unknown
when was the battle of hastings ? ,,, when
what kind of file has the extension .dbf ? ,,, what
when did muhammad live ? ,,, when
what then-derogatory term was applied to the painters monet , sisley , pissarro , renoir and degas ? ,,, what
what is a wop ? ,,, what
where do rocks come from ? ,,, unknown
how do i stop background noise in a car stereo ? ,,, unknown
where do people mountain climb in nepal ? ,,, unknown
what is the best college in the country ? ,,, what
what is viscosity ? ,,, what
what was the name of the sitcom that alyssa milano starred in with tony danza ? ,,, what
what are the nordic nations ? ,,, what
where on the internet can i get information about the fifth amendment on the american bill of rights ? ,,, unknown
what u.s. state borders illinois to the north ? ,,, what
name a film in which jude law acted . ? ,,, unknown
what is the temperature for baking peachy oat muffins ? ,,, what
what is a fear of bees ? ,,, what
what vladimir nabokov novel features professor humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ? ,,, what
what is a green bog ? ,,, what
where did the myth of santa claus originate ? ,,, unknown
what does a chairbound basophobic fear ? ,,, what
what city is served by logan international airport ? ,,, what
what wrestling star became `` the incredible hulk '' ? ,,, what
what attracts tourists to reims ? ,,, what
what game do steve mcqueen and edward g. robinson play in the cincinnati kid ? ,,, what
what fastener did whitcomb judson patent in 1893 ? ,,, what
what 's an auberge in france ? ,,, what
who was the star of the 1965 broadway hit golden boy ? ,,, what
where is procter & gamble based in the u.s. ? ,,, unknown
what army was founded by william booth and his wife catherine ? ,,, what
what does ribavirin consist of ? ,,, what
name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . '' ? ,,, unknown
what is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the house of representatives ? ,,, what
what was her real name ? ,,, what
why are the ears your center of balance ? ,,, unknown
who invented the toothbrush ? ,,, who
what was the name of that popular song the creeps sang ? ,,, what
where is the abominable snowman said to wander ? ,,, unknown
what is a fear of being alone ? ,,, what
how many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ? ,,, unknown
what do you get by adding lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ? ,,, what
when reading classified ads , what does eenty : other stand for ? ,,, when
how many hearts does an octopus have ? ,,, unknown
what plant has the largest seed ? ,,, what
what was the only country you were allowed to drive into israel from in 1979 ? ,,, what
what 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` oil '' ? ,,, what
what baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ? ,,, what
what kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ? ,,, what
what video game hero do some of his fans call chomper ? ,,, what
how many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ? ,,, unknown
what is the longest word in the english language ? ,,, what
in what city or state do the most gay men live in ? ,,, what
what tv comediennes 's characters include former movie star nora desmond , secretary mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice ? ,,, what
what is `` the bear of beers '' ? ,,, what
name the operating system that runs on ibm-compatible machines . ? ,,, unknown
what does the name `` justin '' mean ? ,,, what
what percentage of the body is muscle ? ,,, what
what color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ? ,,, what
what is a golf ball made of ? ,,, what
what is the amish religion ? ,,, what
what does an average daycare provider get paid in new england ? ,,, what
what was the name of the 187s irish terrorist group in pennsylvania mining areas ? ,,, what
who played the ringo kid in the 1939 film stagecoach ? ,,, who
who died 1 feet from where john f. kennedy did ? ,,, who
what is the `` coppertop '' battery ? ,,, what
what sign is the water carrier the zodiacal symbol for ? ,,, what
what animals do you find in the stock market ? ,,, what
what is color ? ,,, what
when is the site www.questions.com going to open ? ,,, when
what did shostakovich write for rostropovich ? ,,, what
what first name was nipsy russell given at birth ? ,,, what
how can i get some free technical information on electric vehicle ? ,,, unknown
who is the youngest of the beatles ? ,,, who
how did shipyard inspector james j. kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ? ,,, unknown
what is a jellicle cat ? ,,, what
where can i find the best free evidence for debate about russia ? ,,, unknown
what is bill gates of microsoft e-mail address ? ,,, what
what is the second hardest substance ? ,,, what
why did several san diego schools stop serving apples to students ? ,,, unknown
what russian city boasts the hermitage museum ? ,,, what
when is bastille day ? ,,, when
what makes a tornado turn ? ,,, what
how many shots can a stock m16 hold ? ,,, unknown
what two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ? ,,, what
why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ? ,,, unknown
who is coronado ? ,,, who
what was the name of the movie that starred sharon stone and arnold schwarzenegger ? ,,, what
what is artificial intelligence ? ,,, what
what do flatfish eat ? ,,, what
who was the first holy roman emperor ? ,,, who
what can i use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ? ,,, what
what day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ? ,,, what
what is the origin of the word , magic ? ,,, what
what sport do you shag flies in ? ,,, what
what is white chocolate ? ,,, what
where is trinidad ? ,,, unknown
name the organization that is presided by a security council . ,,, unknown
who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` do ya lo-o-ove me ? get naked , baby ! '' ? ,,, who
what kind of wine is spumante ? ,,, what
who portrayed portly criminologist carl hyatt on checkmate ? ,,, what
how do you say i love you in spanish ? ,,, unknown
what does the name gina mean ? ,,, what
what is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ? ,,, what
how fast is light ? ,,, unknown
what is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ? ,,, what
what are shooting stars ? ,,, what
whom did the chicago bulls beat in the 1993 championship ? ,,, unknown
when was the first american encyclopedia published ? ,,, when
what 's the tallest building in new york city ? ,,, what
how is easter sunday 's date determined ? ,,, unknown
what is the motto for the state of maryland ? ,,, what
who is desmond tutu ? ,,, who
where can i find information on the narragansett indians and other tribes in rhode island ? ,,, unknown
name a tiger that is extinct . ,,, unknown
how many quarters equal a pound ? ,,, unknown
what kind of books does fodor 's publish ? ,,, what
what are the first names of rowan and martin , the stars of tv 's laugh-in ? ,,, what
what chapter of the bible has the most verses ? ,,, what
who is the worst us president ever ? ,,, who
what asian leader was known as the little brown saint ? ,,, what
what is the abbreviated expression for the national bureau of investigation ? ,,, what
how fast does the fastest car go ? ,,, unknown
what is the highest mountain in the world ? ,,, what
what arch can you see from the place de la concorde ? ,,, what
who sings the song `` drink to me with thine eyes '' by ben johnson ? ,,, who
how long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ? ,,, unknown
which way do you turn your bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ? ,,, unknown
which is the wealthiest country in the world ? ,,, unknown
how can i find a phone number of someone if i only know their email address ? ,,, unknown
how can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ? ,,, unknown
who is the monarch of the united kingdom ? ,,, who
what is a fear of passing high objects ? ,,, what
what do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ? ,,, what
what are the top ten most common girl names in the us ? ,,, what
why is black the color of mourning in the west ? ,,, unknown
what is the rarest coin ? ,,, what
what judith rossner novel was made into a film starring diane keaton ? ,,, what
which country is australia 's largest export market ? ,,, unknown
where is the kentucky horse park located ? ,,, unknown
what is a fear of parasites ? ,,, what
in what olympic games did nadia comaneci become popular ? ,,, unknown
who does data collection in tourism ? ,,, who
what was the name of the daughter of the virginia chief powhatan that married john rolfe ? ,,, what
what is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ? ,,, what
what does a nihilist believe in ? ,,, unknown
what did richard feynman say upon hearing he would receive the nobel prize in physics ? ,,, unknown
in what sport are these following numbers relevant : 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ? ,,, unknown
who were the four famous founders of united artists ? ,,, who
what 2 statues did france give to other countries ? ,,, what
what are amphibians ? ,,, what
how many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ? ,,, unknown
name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . '' ,,, unknown
how far do you have to run if you hit a home run ? ,,, unknown
who was the only u.s. president to wear a nazi uniform ? ,,, who
woodrow wilson served as president of what university ? ,,, what
where are the tropical rain forest distributions ? ,,, unknown
what 's the nickname of oddsmaker jimmy snyder ? ,,, what
what is the fear of being loved ? ,,, what
what was the number of people that randy steven craft was convicted of killing ? ,,, what
what was queen victoria 's title regarding india ? ,,, what
how is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ? ,,, unknown
how far can a man travel in outer space ? ,,, unknown
where was lincoln assassinated ? ,,, unknown
what type of food makes you fat ? ,,, what
what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ? ,,, what
what was the u.s. highway death toll in 1969 ? ,,, what
what kind of animals are dorsets , lincolns , oxfords and southdowns ? ,,, what
what are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ? ,,, what
what letter is to the right of k on a typewriter keyboard ? ,,, what
what is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` hajo ? ,,,  what
what is the plural of gulf ? ,,, what
whose autobiography is titled yes i can ? ,,, unknown
what year did the united states pass the copyright law ? ,,, what
what percentage of americans own their homes ? ,,, what
what 's the first day of the week ? ,,, what
what city was president william mckinley shot in ? ,,, what
what city has the world 's longest subway system ? ,,, what
who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the kansas pacific railway ? ,,, who
what is bombay duck ? ,,, what
how many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ? ,,, unknown
what double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in nothing ? ,,, what
what are the five most expensive cities in the world ? ,,, what
what 19th-century writer had a country estate on the hudson dubbed sunnyside ? ,,, what
how many layers of yellow paint is a faber mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ? ,,, unknown
what is a virtual ip address ? ,,, what
what was the name of the cook on rawhide ? ,,, what
what county is chicago in ? ,,, what
what is the wingspan of a condor ? ,,, what
what facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ? ,,, what
who was named admiral of the ocean seas and viceroy and governor general of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-? of all profits of his voyage . ,,, who
how can i transport files from one computer to another ? ,,, unknown
what 's the literary term for a play on words ? ,,, what
what color were their horses ? ,,, what
what does an average daycare provider get paid in new england ? ,,, what
what author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ? ,,, what
how many americans fought for the british in the american revolution ? ,,, unknown
what kind of education do i need to become a flight attendant ? ,,, what
what are the two languages of malta ? ,,, what
how many oceans are there and name them ? ,,, unknown
what happened during the blackhawk indian war of 1832 ? ,,, what
how many pairs of legs does a lobster have ? ,,, unknown
what does the latin ante mortem mean ? ,,, what
what does the name shawn mean ? ,,, what
where is the danube ? ,,, unknown
what lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in u.s. history for sheika dena al-farri ? ,,, unknown
what do you call a group of geese ? ,,, what
who delivered his last newscast on march 6 , 1981 ? ,,, who
how many times has `` louie , louie '' been recorded ? ,,, unknown
how is answers.com different from knowpost.com ? ,,, unknown
what is the longest place name in the u.s. ? ,,, what
what percent liked thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ? ,,, what
where does buzz aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ? ,,, unknown
what was mel gibson 's first movie ? ,,, what
why was the l.a. office of shea and gould closed ? ,,, unknown
how do i start a bank ? ,,, unknown
how do ouija boards work ? ,,, unknown
what horse did zorro ride ? ,,, what
how do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ? ,,, unknown
where can i find correct tabs for third eye blind songs ? ,,, unknown
how do you determine heating requirements for your home ? ,,, unknown
what former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as `` space man '' ? ,,, what
which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ? ,,, unknown
why did the chicken cross the road ? ,,, unknown
what was michelangelo 's last name ? ,,, what
who is barbara jordan ? ,,, who
who was the democratic nominee in the american presidential election ? ,,, who
what was connecticut 's first constitution called ? ,,, what
what historical event happened in dogtown in 1899 ? ,,, what
what is being done about the millennium bug ? ,,, what
what was the claim to fame of king camp gillette ? ,,, what
what is the most common kind of skin cancer in the u.s. ? ,,, what
what is olestra ? ,,, what
what asian country has a bill of rights for cows ? ,,, what
how many fingers are used to draw a bow ? ,,, unknown
what are two plants that clothes are made from ? ,,, what
when was hurricane hugo ? ,,, what
what is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ? ,,, what
what president-to-be was the first member of congress to enlist following the attack on pearl harbor ? ,,, what
what was the price of varian associates ' vacuum products division ? ,,, what
when was `` the great depression '' ? ,,, what
what language is mostly spoken in brazil ? ,,, what
what college produced the most winning super bowl quarterbacks ? ,,, what
how do you solve `` rubik 's cube '' ? ,,, unknown
what is prepared mustard ? ,,, what
what classical spanish writer warned : `` all that glitters is not gold '' ? ,,, what
what does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ? ,,, what
what actor married john f. kennedy 's sister ? ,,, what
what does a topophobic actor suffer from ? ,,, what
who fired maria ybarra from her position in san diego council ? ,,, who
the italian artist , maurizio pellegrin , is how old ? ,,, unknown
what type of hunting are retrievers used for ? ,,, what
what is colin powell best known for ? ,,, what
who was the first black golfer to tee off in the masters ? ,,, who
what city is the setting for puccini 's opera la boheme ? ,,, what
what u.s. president showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ? ,,, what
what is measured in curies ? ,,, what
whose cover is that of an employee of universal import and export ? ,,, unknown
what former president 's daughter has written a book titled murder in the white house ? ,,, what
what fictional character is known as the `` melancholy dane '' ? ,,, what
italy is the largest producer of what ? ,,, what
what longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in central park in 1984 ? ,,, what
what is the meaning of w.b. yeat 's poem , `` the three hermits ? ,,,  what
who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ,,,  who
what infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ? ,,, what
what is spumante ? ,,, what
in what year did ireland elect its first woman president ? ,,, what
what is an isthmus ? ,,, what
what was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ? ,,, what
where is mozambique located ? ,,, unknown
what is mississippi 's state animal ? ,,, what
what 's the origin of the word ` news ' ? ,,, what
what did dan aykroyd and john belushi quit saturday night live to become ? ,,, what
how many months does a normal human pregnancy last ? ,,, unknown
how do fuel injectors work ? ,,, unknown
how can your school march in the macy 's thanksgiving parade ? ,,, unknown
what is the real name of disc jockey `` wolfman jack '' ? ,,, what
what italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ? ,,, what
what city houses the u.s. headquarters of procter and gamble ? ,,, what
what soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ? ,,, what
how much was the minimum wage in 1991 ? ,,, unknown
what does nafta stand for ? ,,, what
who invented silly putty ? ,,, who
what new middle school was built in philadelphia , pennsylvania last year ? ,,, what
who patented the first phonograph ? ,,, who
what are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ? ,,, what
what do manatees eat ? ,,, what
how do you say 2 in latin ? ,,, unknown
what were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ? ,,, what
how many vietnamese were there in the soviet union ? ,,, unknown
what is november 's birthstone ? ,,, what
what is a certified nurse midwife ? ,,, what
on average , how many miles are there to the moon ? ,,, unknown
who created private detective philip marlowe ? ,,, who
what boris pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ? ,,, what
what is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ? ,,, what
what is the longest english word ? ,,, what
what is the purpose of a car bra ? ,,, what
what is d.b. cooper known for ? ,,, what
who is colin powell ? ,,, who
what species is a colt ? ,,, what
what is the full name of the plo ? ,,, what
what is the smallest country in africa ? ,,, what
who coined the term nn cyberspace `` in his novel nn neuromancer '' ? ,,, who
what age followed the bronze age ? ,,, what
what is her profession ? ,,, what
what is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ? ,,, what
what does the word laser mean ? ,,, what
what does the name `` anthony '' mean ? ,,, what
who was lauren bacall 's first husband ? ,,, who
what is a rhomboideus minor ? ,,, what
how many hands does bjorn borg use when hitting his forehand ? ,,, unknown
how many people died on d-day ? ,,, unknown
what u.s. congressman said : `` keep the faith , baby '' . ,,, what
who created the character of scrooge ? ,,, who
what is the student population at the university of massachusetts in amherst ? ,,, what
where is windsor castle ? ,,, unknown
when did the dow first reach ? ,,, when
why were people recruited for the vietnam war ? ,,, unknown
what party was winston churchill a member of ? ,,, what
what american league baseball team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ? ,,, what
where can i find the names of all the 15 pokemon ? ,,, unknown
what state does martha stewart live in ? ,,, what
which killer whale died at sea world of a fungal infection ? ,,, unknown
what are the benelux countries ? ,,, what
where 's the petrified forest ? ,,, unknown
what is a language spoken by the sioux ? ,,, what
where is tornado alley ? ,,, unknown
who was the author of `` john brown 's body '' ? ,,, who
what american poet wrote : `` good fences make good neighbors '' ? ,,, what
what state in the u.s. has the most blacks ? ,,, what
why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in california ? ,,, unknown
what was the occupation of mandy rice-davies ? ,,, what
what is the city in which maurizio pellegrin lives called ? ,,, what
who painted the sistine chapel ? ,,, who
name the various costumed personas of dr. henry pym . ,,, unknown
what breed of dog was the `` little rascals '' dog ? ,,, what
what are the living conditions in cuba ? ,,, what
what color are school buses ? ,,, what
what is the oldest website on the internet ? ,,, what
what events happened january 26 , 1978 ? ,,, what
what explorers followed columbus to the americas ? ,,, what
who is actress goldie hawn 's current actor boyfriend ? ,,, who
who banned peter rose from baseball for betting on games ? ,,, who
what are the seven virtues ? ,,, what
what other name were the `` little rascals '' known as ? ,,, what
when was the san francisco fire ? ,,, when
what is a fear of food ? ,,, what
how many casinos are in atlantic city , nj ? ,,, unknown
what year did the vietnam war end ? ,,, what
what are the names of richard nixon 's two daughters ? ,,, what
what 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ? ,,, what
what is the chromosome number of an elephant ? ,,, what
what organization was founded by the rev. jerry falwell ? ,,, what
what 's the longest river in the world ? ,,, what
which soft drink does madonna advertise for ? ,,, unknown
what company is being bought by yahoo and how much is the deal worth ? ,,, what
when was berlin 's brandenburg gate erected ? ,,, when
how many double-word-score spaces are there on a scrabble crossword game board ? ,,, unknown
what year did germany sign its nonaggression pact with the soviet union ? ,,, what
what mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ? ,,, what
why were the american soldiers in wwi called `` doughboys '' ,,, unknown
who was nicknamed the little corporal ? ,,, who
how many cds has garth brooks sold ? ,,, unknown
name the vessel used by the atari force in the dc comics . ,,, unknown
where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ? ,,, unknown
how can i find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ? ,,, unknown
what 's the sacred river of india ? ,,, what
what is stefan edberg 's native country ? ,,, what
what is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ? ,,, what
how many gutenberg bibles are there ? ,,, unknown
name the largest country in south america . ,,, unknown
what astronomical phenomenon takes place in jan. 1999 ? ,,, what
what information can you get me on fairground park in st. louis ,,, what
what was american folk hero john chapman 's nickname ? ,,, what
what is the difference between a median and a mean ? ,,, what
what was the top box office movie in april 1998 ? ,,, what
what makes thunder ? ,,, what
what author did photographer yousuf karsh call `` the shiest man i ever met '' ? ,,, what
which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in europe ? ,,, unknown
what plant is rum made from ? ,,, what
what country are godiva chocolates from ? ,,, what
name the poet of the poem which begins : i do not know much about gods ; but i think that the river is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ? ,,, unknown
which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ? ,,, unknown
what u.s. state records the least rainfall ? ,,, what
why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ? ,,, unknown
what was archy , and mehitabel ? ,,, what
what texas city got its name from the spanish for `` yellow '' ? ,,, what
what are the chemicals used in glowsticks ? ,,, what
what country did the nile river originate in ? ,,, what
what color are tennis balls ? ,,, what
what barroom judge called himself the law west of the pecos ? ,,, what
what excuse did the nato people give for hitting the chinese embassy ? ,,, what
who was president of costa rica in 1994 ? ,,, who
what sports event is meyer wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in the great gatsby ? ,,, what
what country has the best defensive position in the board game diplomacy ? ,,, what
what two countries share the khyber pass ? ,,, what
who was chairman of the senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of watergate ? ,,, who
what is the origin of the surname of braun ? ,,, what
what card game has variations called canfield , klondike and spider ? ,,, what
what is australia day ? ,,, what
what mammal of north america is the world 's longest-lived for its size ? ,,, what
what was the chivington massacre ? ,,, what
what actor starred in 1980 's blue lagoon , 1982 's the pirate movie and 1983 's a night in heaven ? ,,, what
how many home runs did lou gehrig have during his career ? ,,, unknown
in what city is the headquarters of sinn fein ? ,,, what
where can i find information on george bush ? ,,, unknown
who is the voice of miss piggy ? ,,, who
what is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ? ,,, what
what does the word camaro mean , from the gm car the camaro ? ,,, what
who replaced bert parks as the host of the miss america pageant ? ,,, who
how many boys play the game in winslow homer 's 1872 painting snap the whip ? ,,, unknown
what is the aim-54c phoenix ? ,,, what
when are sheep shorn ? ,,, when
what sport is chris jogis a top player of ? ,,, what
what 's the second-largest island in the world ? ,,, what
what is the definition of low island ? ,,, what
what century does captain video live in ? ,,, what
what types of water pollution are there ? ,,, what
how many astronauts manned each project mercury flight ? ,,, unknown
what soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ? ,,, what
what 's the name of a golf course in myrtle beach ? ,,, what
what are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ? ,,, what
name the only extant trilogy of classical greek plays . ,,, unknown
where is logan airport ? ,,, unknown
what is the difference between neoclassical art and romanticism art ? ,,, what
who was the first person inducted into the u.s. swimming hall of fame ? ,,, who
what golfer has been called ohio fats and blobbo ? ,,, what
who murdered leno and rosemary labianca on august 1 ,,, who
what is the average cost for four years of medical school ? ,,, what
what does god create in the first sentence of the bible ? ,,, what
which of the following men was not married to rita hayworth ? ,,, unknown
what is the current ticket fare from from cairo to barbados ? ,,, what
what does nn o `` mean when used as a prefix in irish surnames ? ,,, what
how do you find oxidation numbers ? ,,, unknown
what is the state nickname of mississippi ? ,,, what
what is black hills , south dakota most famous for ? ,,, what
what 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ? ,,, what
how many students attend the university of massachusetts ? ,,, unknown
who said , `` i shall return . '' during world war two ? ,,, who
what holidays are celebrated in ireland ? ,,, what
who portrayed etta place , companion to butch cassidey and the sundance kid ? ,,, who
what are the greek numerals ? ,,, what
what 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of laos ? ,,, what
what is a fear of sleep ? ,,, what
what auto race was wilbur reed the first to win three times ? ,,, what
what are the most common breeding birds in the u.s. ? ,,, what
what was organized as a confederate veterans ' social club in pulaski , in tennessee , in 1866 ? ,,, what
how do you look up criminal records on the internet ? ,,, unknown
where is the actress , marion davies , buried ? ,,, unknown
what is an example of an actual case of using the fourteenth amendment ? ,,, what
who was the charlie perfume woman ? ,,, who
who portrayed `` rosanne rosanna-dana '' on the television show `` saturday night live '' ? ,,, who
is there a cab available for airport? ,,, affirmation
is it raining outside ? ,,, affirmation
is there any pizza left ? ,,, affirmation
is there a truck parked infront of the house ? ,,, affirmation
what time does the flight leave ? ,,, when
what time does the train arrive ? ,,, when
what time do we go to the mall ? ,,, when
what time are we leaving ? ,,, when
what time does the president give his speech ? ,,, when
what time do you go to the school ? ,,, when
what time are you planning to leave ? ,,, when
what time are you thinking of going to the dentist ? ,,, when
what time is it right now ? ,,, when
who was gerald ford 's vice president ? ,,, who
who invented batteries ? ,,, who
who did sonny liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ? ,,, who
whose video is titled shape up with arnold ? ,,, unknown
who 's the twin brother of the greek goddess artemis ? ,,, who
who was america 's first public enemy no. 1 ? ,,, who
who is dear abby ? ,,, who
who lives at 24 sussex drive , ottawa ? ,,, who
who was monet ? ,,, who
who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ? ,,, who
who is always trying to get the rent from andy capp ? ,,, who
who did jackie kennedy commission to write the death of a president ? ,,, who
who sought to create the great society ? ,,, who
who said : `` soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ? ,,, who
who is the current un secretary general ? ,,, who
who provides telephone service in orange county , california ? ,,, who
who was lacan ? ,,, who
who was the secretary of war in the civil war during the battle of gettysburg ? ,,, who
who did bobby fischer beat to win the world chess championship ? ,,, who
who lives at 39 stone canyon way ? ,,, who
who played humpty dumpty in the 1933 film alice in wonderland ? ,,, who
who is karenna gore , al gore 's oldest daughter , married to ? ,,, who
who played the title role in i was a teenage werewolf ? ,,, who
who was the inventor of the stove ? ,,, who
who was the king who was forced to agree to the magna carta ? ,,, who
who was made the first honorary citizen of the u.s. ? ,,, who
who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ? ,,, who
who was with patricia hearst the night she was kidnaped ? ,,, who
who advised listeners to `` see the u.s.a. in your chevrolet '' ? ,,, who
who sang about desmond and molly jones ? ,,, who
who developed the first polio vaccine ? ,,, who
who made the first gas engine ? ,,, who
who sells viagra ? ,,, who
who was darius ? ,,, who
who did dita beard work for ? ,,, who
who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by robin williams in `` dead poets society '' ? ,,, who
who is the best known villain of the 165 gunpowder plot ? ,,, who
who killed more people , hitler or stalin ? ,,, who
who is nicolo paganini ? ,,, who
who portrayed dracula in hammer studios ' films ? ,,, who
who was jean nicolet ? ,,, who
who was the original humpty dumpty ? ,,, who
whose cupboard was bare ? ,,, unknown
who invented the vacuum cleaner ? ,,, who
who does shakespeare 's antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ? ,,, who
who is the voyager project manager ? ,,, who
who replies `` i know '' to princess leia 's confession `` i love you '' in the empire strikes back ? ,,, who
who won the 1967 academy award for best actor ? ,,, who
who was the first taiwanese president ? ,,, who
who is luke skywalker 's father ? ,,, who
who was jane goodall ? ,,, who
who created the comic strip , `` garfield '' ? ,,, who
who is the current prime minister and president of russia ? ,,, who
who established a viking colony in greenland about 985 ? ,,, who
who shot and killed himself while painting wheatfield with crows ? ,,, who
who was the architect of central park ? ,,, who
who were the yankee 's frequent enemies ? ,,, who
who wrote sons and lovers ? ,,, who
who was the star of leave it to beaver ? ,,, who
who did richard nixon tender his resignation to ? ,,, who
who was thucydides ? ,,, who
who took over as conductor of the boston pops after arthur fiedler 's long reign ? ,,, who
who is the fastest guitarist ? ,,, who
who betrayed norway to the nazis ? ,,, who
who took the toys donated for the doodyville orphans ' fund and kept them for himself ? ,,, who
who were the picts ? ,,, who
who is stationed at camp swampy in the comic strips ? ,,, who
who wrote the look of love after viewing ursula andress ? ,,, who
who claims to have the greatest show on earth ? ,,, who
who invented the paper clip ? ,,, who
whom did lauren bacall marry after her husband humphrey bogart died ? ,,, unknown
who created the fantastic four , hulk , and thor ? ,,, who
who is the composer of `` canon in d major '' ? ,,, who
who was the author of the novel `` far from the madding crowd '' ? ,,, who
who was camp david named for ? ,,, who
who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ? ,,, who
who won the first world series ? ,,, who
who is samuel pickering ? ,,, who
who was credited with saying : `` i never met a man i did n't like '' ? ,,, who
who created big ben ? ,,, who
who played the title role in my favorite martian ? ,,, who
who invented the game scrabble ? ,,, who
who is considered the first lady of the american stage ? ,,, who
who penned : `` neither a borrower nor a lender be '' ? ,,, who
who headed hitler 's infamous gestapo ? ,,, who
who made the musical plea be true to your school ? ,,, who
who made stonehenge ? ,,, who
who 's the founder and editor of the national review ? ,,, who
who was the first governor of west virginia ? ,,, who
who was the first woman to fly solo across the atlantic ? ,,, who
who started the dominos pizza chain ? ,,, who
who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of provo canyon , utah ? ,,, who
who portrayed vincent van gogh in lust for life ? ,,, who
who was known as the time master in comic books ? ,,, who
who is the father of the computer ? ,,, who
who said : `` old soldiers never die ; they just fade away '' ? ,,, who
who 's the only man to have won the olympic decathlon twice ? ,,, who
who was the second man to walk on the moon ? ,,, who
who is the pope ? ,,, who
who is imam hussain ben ali whom shia people believe in ? ,,, who
who was william henry harrison ? ,,, who
who was the first black performer to have his own network tv show ? ,,, who
who directed the wild bunch ? ,,, who
who runs andy capp 's favorite pub ? ,,, who
who invented the game bowling ? ,,, who
who is the creator of `` the muppets '' ? ,,, who
who asked you to do the loco-motion with her in 1962 ? ,,, who
who made the first surfboard ? ,,, who
who is the greek god of the sea ? ,,, who
who was the first woman governor of wyoming ? ,,, who
who was charles lindbergh 's wife ? ,,, who
who sings angel eyes from the 80 's ? ,,, who
who wrote ` hamlet ' ? ,,, who
who was the russian ambassador to hungary during the 1956 uprising ? ,,, who
who holds the nfl record for most touchdowns in a season ? ,,, who
who is shirley maclaine ? ,,, who
who wrote ` the pines of rome ' ? ,,, who
who played for the chicago bears , houston oilers and oakland raiders in a 26-year pro football career ? ,,, who
who leads the star ship enterprise in star trek ? ,,, who
who won world war ii ? ,,, who
who was garrett morgan married to ? ,,, who
who is ishmael in moby dick ? ,,, who
who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for post grape nuts ? ,,, who
who was whitcomb judson ? ,,, who
who shoplifts ? ,,, who
whose image is alleged to be on the shroud of turin ? ,,, unknown
who said : `` the victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ? ,,, who
who is langston hughes ? ,,, who
who wrote the book , `` the grinch who stole christmas '' ? ,,, who
who seized power from milton obote in 1971 ? ,,, who
who is the prophet of medina ? ,,, who
whose funeral train traveled from washington d.c. to springfield , illinois ? ,,, unknown
who is the queen of holland ? ,,, who
who says , `` if you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ? ,,, who
who was secretary of state during the nixon administration ? ,,, who
who is johnny carson ? ,,, who
who painted `` soft self-portrait with grilled bacon '' ? ,,, who
who killed caesar ? ,,, who
who is count cinzano ? ,,, who
who 's won the most oscars for costume design ? ,,, who
who wrote the red badge of courage ? ,,, who
who invented the road traffic cone ? ,,, who
who won the battle of gettysburg ? ,,, who
who was the captain of the tanker , exxon valdez , involved in the oil spill in prince william sound , alaska , 1989 ? ,,, who
who is stephen hawking ? ,,, who
what actor came to dinner in guess who 's coming to dinner ? ,,, who
who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ? ,,, who
who was the first black woman to star in the folies bergeres ? ,,, who
who asked the musical question : `` have you ever been to electric lady land ? ,,, who
who wrote : `` poems are made by fools like me but only god can make a tree '' ? ,,, who
who played the part of the godfather in the movie , ` the godfather ' ? ,,, who
who invented the wonderbra ? ,,, who
who owns the st. louis rams ? ,,, who
who made the most appearances in the center square on hollywood squares ? ,,, who
who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ? ,,, who
who is the sexiest women in the world ? ,,, who
who was the supreme god of germanic religion ? ,,, who
who 's played the most games for the new york yankees ? ,,, who
who won the superbowl in ? ,,, who
who directed citizen kane ? ,,, who
whose special bear 's creator was born on january 18 , 1779 ? ,,, unknown
who said : `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? '' ,,, who
who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` snow white and seven dwarfs '' ? ,,, who
who is behind the name of the harvey wallbanger drink ? ,,, who
who is the premier of china ? ,,, who
who was the president of vichy france ? ,,, who
whose kidnaping was termed the crime of the century ? ,,, unknown
who first broke the sound barrier ? ,,, who
who was scrooge 's dead partner in dickens 's a christmas carol ? ,,, who
who recorded the 1957 hit tammy ? ,,, who
who is mia farrow 's mother ? ,,, who
who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ? ,,, who
who reports the weather on the `` good morning america '' television show ? ,,, who
who sent the brief message `` i came , i saw , i conquered '' ? ,,, who
who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the kalahari desert in africa ? ,,, who
who won a pulitzer prize for his novel the caine mutiny ? ,,, who
who portrayed sherlock holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ? ,,, who
who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ? ,,, who
who portrayed carl bernstein in all the president 's men ? ,,, who
who was tiny tim 's father ? ,,, who
who was bonnie blue butler 's father ? ,,, who
who is the antichrist ? ,,, who
who was the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ? ,,, who
who wrote the farmer 's almanac ? ,,, who
who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of florence but ended burnt at the stake ? ,,, who
who was quetzalcoatl ? ,,, who
who is the prime minister of japan ? ,,, who
who wrote the book , `` song of solomon '' ? ,,, who
who is the president of the spanish government ? ,,, who
who holds the career record for the most major league home runs ? ,,, who
who invented the stethoscope ? ,,, who
who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ? ,,, who
who developed potlatch ? ,,, who
who is the actress bette davis once said she wished she looked like ? ,,, who
when did iraqi troops invade kuwait ? ,,, when
when was the slinky invented ? ,,, when
when was dick clark born ? ,,, when
when did the `` star-spangled banner '' become the national anthem ? ,,, when
when did israel begin turning the gaza strip and jericho over to the plo ? ,,, when
when were the olympic games in which nadia comaneci became popular played ? ,,, when
when did fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can ? ,,, when
when was the triangle shirtwaist fire ? ,,, when
when were fish first believed to be found on earth ? ,,, when
when is president nixon 's birthday ? ,,, when
when will the millennium officially begin ? ,,, when
when was cnn 's first broadcast ? ,,, when
when were camcorders introduced in malaysia ? ,,, when
when was queen victoria born ? ,,, when
when was yemen reunified ? ,,, when
when did aldous huxley write , `` brave new world '' ? ,,, when
when the tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the u.s. , what moving company transported it ? ,,, when
when did humans first begin to write history seriously ? ,,, when
when mighty mouse was conceived , what was his original name ? ,,, when
when was the first flush toilet invented ? ,,, when
when will jean aeul publish her next book ? ,,, when
when it 's time to relax , what one beer stands clear ? ,,, when
when was the de beers company founded ? ,,, when
when did princess diana and prince charles get married ? ,,, when
when was the first barbie produced ? ,,, when
when did the jurassic period end ? ,,, when
when was the bill of rights ratified ? ,,, when
when was calypso music invented ? ,,, when
when did hitler come to power in germany ? ,,, when
when did gothic art and architecture flourish ? ,,, when
when was the internal combustion engine developed ? ,,, when
when do you plant winter wheat ? ,,, when
when did nostradamus believe world war iii would begin ? ,,, when
when was london 's docklands light railway constructed ? ,,, when
when do mormons believe christ was born ? ,,, when
when did theo rousseau paint the `` forest of fontaine '' ? ,,, when
when is the thai new year ? ,,, when
when was the g7 group of nations formed ? ,,, when
when did they canonize the bible ? ,,, when
when did the carolingian period begin ? ,,, when
when superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ? ,,, when
when did spain and korea start ambassadorial relations ? ,,, when
when did nixon die ? ,,, when
when is a woman most fertile ? ,,, when
when was the nfl established ? ,,, when
when was richard nixon born ? ,,, when
when is the sun closest to the earth ? ,,, when
when did amtrak begin operations ? ,,, when
when was john d. rockefeller born ? ,,, when
when was the congress of vienna ? ,,, when
when was franklin d. roosevelt stricken with polio ? ,,, when
what singer 's theme song was when the moon comes over the mountain ? ,,, when
when was the brandenburg gate in berlin built ? ,,, when
when did mount st. helens last erupt ? ,,, when
when was child labor abolished ? ,,, when
when was the hoover dam constructed ? ,,, when
when not adventuring on rann , what does adam strange call his profession ? ,,, when
when was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed ? ,,, when
when did the chernobyl nuclear accident occur ? ,,, when
when was general manuel noriega ousted as the leader of panama and turned over to u.s. authorities ? ,,, when
when did thatcher become prime minister ? ,,, when
when was florida admitted into the union ? ,,, when
who portrayed the cowardly lion in the wizard of oz ? ,,, who
who was the first king of england ? ,,, who
who killed kurt cobain ? ,,, who
who created the monster in mary shelley 's novel frankenstein ? ,,, who
who was the first man to return to space ? ,,, who
who gave abbie hoffman his first dose of lsd ? ,,, who
who shot billy the kid ? ,,, who
who played sally rogers on the dick van dyke show ? ,,, who
who is the mathematician that won the noble prize for literature in 1950 ? ,,, who
who 's baby was sweet pea on the popeye cartoon ? ,,, who
who did arthur h. bremer try to assassinate on may 15 , 1972 ? ,,, who
whom did friz freleng add to the warner bros. cartoon ranks ? ,,, unknown
who was shakespeare 's moorish general ? ,,, who
who taught matt murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in marvel comics ? ,,, who
who famously rode to warn the people of massachusetts that the british were coming ? ,,, who
who commanded the french forces at the battle of orleans ? ,,, who
who led the opposition when konrad adenauer was chancellor in germany ? ,,, who
who turned all he touched to gold ? ,,, who
who plays shortstop for charlie brown 's baseball team ? ,,, who
who was the most famous food editor of the new york times ? ,,, who
who was the last u.s. president to reinstate selective service registration ? ,,, who
who lived on the shores of the gitchee gumee river ? ,,, who
who is section manager for guidance and control systems at jpl ? ,,, who
who should i call to get a tour of the new york stock exchange ? ,,, who
who portrayed w.c. fields in the film w.c. fields and me ? ,,, who
who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ? ,,, who
who was hitler 's minister of propaganda ? ,,, who
who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ? ,,, who
who was the lawyer for randy steven craft ? ,,, who
who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ? ,,, who
who sued the dannon yougurt company for using a character named ron raider for promotion ? ,,, who
who was the first jockey to ride two triple crown winners ? ,,, who
who wrote brave new world ? ,,, who
who wrote unsafe at any speed ? ,,, who
who created the world wide web , www ? ,,, who
who were leaders of the byzantine empire ? ,,, who
who was the first president to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ? ,,, who
who built the first pyramid ? ,,, who
who is the nebbish that is marvel 's official mascot ? ,,, who
who sang the song `` hooked on a feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` ally mcbeal '' ? ,,, who
who was the columbia pictures head who forged actor cliff robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ? ,,, who
who was damocles ? ,,, who
whose biography by maurice zolotow is titled shooting star ? ,,, unknown
who was the first american citizen awarded the albert medal of the society of arts ? ,,, who
who founded the unification church ? ,,, who
who invented the lawnmower ? ,,, who
who shared a new york city apartment with roger maris the year he hit 61 home runs ? ,,, who
who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the san diego county ? ,,, who
who directed the first woody woodpecker cartoon ? ,,, who
who killed lee harvey oswald ? ,,, who
who was red grange ? ,,, who
who invented the fax machine ? ,,, who
who wrote the poem that starts `` i love your lips when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm desire '' ? ,,, who
who was santos-dumont ? ,,, who
who is rocky 's and bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ? ,,, who
who is robin williams ? ,,, who
who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a tree ? ,,, who
who created `` the muppets '' ? ,,, who
who else was considered for the role of luke skywalker when george lucas was casting for star wars ? ,,, who
who was the king who signed the magna carta ? ,,, who
who is the leader of india ? ,,, who
who is the prophet that is most connected to the dead sea ? ,,, who
who wrote `` the pit and the pendulum '' ? ,,, who
who is the incredible hulk in reality ? ,,, who
who are the presidents of mexico and indonesia ? ,,, who
who played al jolson in the jolson story ? ,,, who
who played emperor palpatine in star wars ? ,,, who
whose husbands have included conrad hilton jr. , and michael wilding ? ,,, unknown
who is king in alley oop 's home of moo ? ,,, who
who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ? ,,, who
who wrote the bible ? ,,, who
who is henry butler ? ,,, who
who made the first airplane ? ,,, who
who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ? ,,, who
who is john macarthur , 1767-1834 ? ,,, who
who is peter weir ? ,,, who
who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ? ,,, who
who are woody woodpecker 's niece and nephew ? ,,, who
who created maudie frickett ? ,,, who
who was the first english circumnavigator of the globe ? ,,, who
who made the largest cocaine seizure in ventura county history ? ,,, who
who liberated 19th century sicily and naples ? ,,, who
who appointed the chair of the federal reserve ? ,,, who
who is samuel f. pickering ? ,,, who
who founded the modern theory of probability ? ,,, who
who 's the king of swing ? ,,, who
who won the 1968 california democratic primary ? ,,, who
who spoke the only word in mel brooks 's silent movie ? ,,, who
who was the first russian astronaut to walk in space ? ,,, who
who wrote ` dubliners ' ? ,,, who
who is malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ? ,,, who
who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ? ,,, who
who said `` give me liberty or give me death '' ? ,,, who
who invented the pull-tab opener on cans ? ,,, who
whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on academy award thank-yous ? ,,, unknown
who declared : `` i think i 'll go out and milk the elk '' ? ,,, who
who was the actor who played sam in the movie casablanca ? ,,, who
who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ? ,,, who
who accompanied space ghost on his missions ? ,,, who
who was israel 's first prime minister ? ,,, who
who is desmond tutu ? ,,, who
who was the first person to study the stars ? ,,, who
who is the author of the book , `` the iron lady : a biography of margaret thatcher '' ? ,,, who
who did doris day mean when she said : `` i call him ernie because he 's certainly no rock '' ? ,,, who
who is the owner of cnn ? ,,, who
who markets spaghetti-o 's ? ,,, who
who co-starred with julie andrews in mary poppins ? ,,, who
who was ezra taft benson ? ,,, who
who is pia zadora 's millionaire husband and mentor ? ,,, who
who was the first american world chess champion ? ,,, who
who was the last woman executed in england ? ,,, who
who is prince naseem hamed ? ,,, who
who made the first airplane that could fly ? ,,, who
who was international olympic committee chairman at the 1936 summer games ? ,,, who
does this come with power cord and dishwasher hook up ? ,,, affirmation
will this one work to replace the badger 1 1/3 hp ? ,,, affirmation
is there a connection for the dish washer ? ,,, affirmation
can these be used for gas stove burner ? ,,, affirmation
is this for electric stoves ? ,,, affirmation
can you bake corn bread on this without it burnding. ? ,,, affirmation
can this be used on gas stove when making polenta which needs low heat. ? ,,, affirmation
do these work on induction cooktops ? ,,, affirmation
will this keep pour-over coffee carafe contents warmed atop a gas range flame ? ,,, affirmation
can this be used on gas stove when making polenta which needs low heat. ? ,,, affirmation
do these work on induction cooktops ? ,,, affirmation
can more than one water source be tested ? ,,, affirmation
does it have a colour indicator ? ,,, affirmation
is there an expiration date on any of the tests ? ,,, affirmation
does it test coliform/ e. coli ?? ,,, affirmation
does this test forlead ? ,,, affirmation
could i pay 1 shipping price if you bundle it ? ,,, affirmation
is this model for the #1855 holmes humidifier ? ,,, affirmation
does it work with kenmore humidifier? ,,, affirmation
do i need to tear off the black outside before i put the new filter into the machine ? ,,, affirmation
does this filter fit the holmes hm5100 ? ,,, affirmation
can this filter remove all mold spores ? ,,, affirmation
is this the same bulb as the euv-13b ? ,,, affirmation
does it fit vicks v3900 humidifier ? ,,, affirmation
will these range replacement knobs fit a tappan electric stove ? ,,, affirmation
do you have replacement knobs for hotpoint stove ? ,,, affirmation
will this fit thermador (oem: bosch) older cooktop? ,,, affirmation
does it have screens in place where the vents are to prevent lint from blowing out of the vent holes ? ,,, affirmation
can it be used for a gas drier ? ,,, affirmation
will the ltf lint dryer kit work on a gas dryer ? ,,, affirmation
does it have a backlight ? ,,, affirmation
is it possible to calibrate ? ,,, affirmation
it's written that the dimensions are 7x7x4inches, is it right? ,,, affirmation
is it accurate ? ,,, affirmation
is there a lag time after you take it out of the box before it starts to work ? ,,, affirmation
could this be used outside in a enclosed patio and work accurately throughout the seasons ? ,,, affirmation
does this monitor read humidity levels below 16% ? ,,, affirmation
can it be wall mounted ? ,,, affirmation
has anyone used this on a brick driveway ? ,,, affirmation
does this pick up dust without blowing it out the bag ? ,,, affirmation
will this work on my astro turf sun deck for picking up bugs and leaves ? ,,, affirmation
will this work on astro turf to pick up small bugs and leaves ? ,,, affirmation
would this pick up pine needles on a lawn ? ,,, affirmation
does this fit the model 89q ? ,,, affirmation
does this filter work on all style 8 ? ,,, affirmation
does this fit ed11 600 device ? ,,, affirmation
are there six filters for the price shown ? ,,, affirmation
does it fit pf sw2mdca ss ? ,,, affirmation
will it work with gfe29hmdaes? ,,, affirmation
is this possible ? ,,, affirmation
can this filter be used under a sink ? ,,, affirmation
is this antimicrobial ? ,,, affirmation
are these lead free ? ,,, affirmation
is this considered a "fill hose" ? ,,, affirmation
can it be settled on a bathtub ? ,,, affirmation
can i install on wall ? ,,, affirmation
is this easier to pull out than the plastic stopper ? ,,, affirmation
does this freezer automatically defrost ? ,,, affirmation
does this come with the case ? ,,, affirmation
does this have a cello tuner setting ? ,,, affirmation
is this appliance quiet enough to keep in the house as a spare? ,,, affirmation
does this protect from chemicals ? ,,, affirmation
can show temperature in celsius degrees ? ,,, affirmation
do they come in different sizes ? ,,, affirmation
can this model 1 cubic handle a king size sheet set ? ,,, affirmation
can it be installed with a copper sink ? ,,, affirmation
does it accommodate a dishwasher ? ,,, affirmation
can these be recycled some way ? ,,, affirmation
which water filter cap replacement (white color) should i use for this filter ? ,,, affirmation
does this model have the damper included for the seven inch duct ? ,,, affirmation
can an extended warranty be purchased for this product ? ,,, affirmation
is the freezer frost free ? ,,, affirmation
could someone give me the dimensions ? ,,, affirmation
are these drip pans dishwasher safe ? ,,, affirmation
do these cooktops require 220 outlet ? ,,, affirmation
will this work to connect a wgd9200sq0 to a wfw9150ww00 washer ? ,,, affirmation
does it work for whirlpool duet ht - washer/dryer from 2005 ? ,,, affirmation
does the old stack kit fit on the new washer and old dryer ? ,,, affirmation
is this downdraft ventilation ? ,,, affirmation
does the stainless steel trim get scratched by the cookware ? ,,, affirmation
would this work with the whirlpool duet sports front load washer and dryers ? ,,, affirmation
is it made in usa ? ,,, affirmation
is the cooking grate removable ? ,,, affirmation
can the cooking grate be removed from the ring ? ,,, affirmation
are the last two numbers the gal ? ,,, affirmation
can you verify the dimensions for me ? ,,, affirmation
can this tank be used for black water ? ,,, affirmation
can you use on a airplane ? ,,, affirmation
will it fit a 10 ft. ceiling? ,,, affirmation
are the lights dimmable? ,,, affirmation
do you ship item to pr? ,,, affirmation
can i just throw them in trash ? ,,, affirmation
are they made in the usa ? ,,, affirmation
do you sell an extension kit available for 10' ceilings ? ,,, affirmation
is it loud ? ,,, affirmation
can it be cut to fit ? ,,, affirmation
can it be removed ? ,,, affirmation
does this hose have one ? ,,, affirmation
can i get it in india ? ,,, affirmation
would this work on a 2008 ford edge with a naked roof ? ,,, affirmation
